Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Good morning.
This is NOAA Weather Radio
for Buzzards Bay.
This afternoon.
southwest winds.
15 to 20 knots.
with gusts up to 25 knots.
Seas. two to four feet.
Tonight. southwest winds.
15 to 20 knots.
diminishing to 10 to 15 knots
after midnight.
Gusts up to 25 knots.
Seas. two to four feet.
Friday. Southwest Bay.
five to ten knots.
Seas around two feet.
Hey. Tom.
Tom?
Tom!
Charlie.
When's the last time I saw ya?
I can't--
I can't even remember.
Uh. Mattapoisett
package store last summer.
How's Mom?
She's good.
I think she wonders
why you never come by.
Your father
still lives there. right?
What's up?
Why are you down here?
Oh. boy.
I was wondering. maybe you
needed an extra deckhand.
Deckhand?
Ch--Charlie--
Charlie. are ya--
you're supposed
to be in college.
If you dropped out. I'm gonna
wring your fucking neck.
No. I graduated
three weeks ago.
Well. this is fish school.
North Atlantic University.
The answer's no.
Let me buy you lunch.
No.
No. I just had lunch.
I wanna go fishing.
Why?
- I'm curious.
- Curious about what?
Pumping it every day?
Pumping it for 24 hours a day?
Working for a living?
Not taking a shower
for ten days?
Curious about what. Charlie?
About me.
About you. too. maybe.
You're my brother.
You have to take me.
Finest kind.
Welcome aboard. college boy.
I'll give you the tour.
Some basics:
where we're walking is forward.
Back is aft.
Right is starboard.
Left is port.
Watch your head
coming through here.
Over here is the shitter.
You can also call it the head.
Don't call it the toilet.
And you.
as our new half-share shacker.
you're gonna take great pride
in keeping it sparkling clean.
Over here on the right
is Nunesy.
Meet Tom's brother Charlie.
our new shacker.
- How you doing?
- Hey.
You--you said to the right?
Huh?
You should have said starboard.
You being smart
with me. shacker?
No. I just--
I like the idea.
It doesn't matter
which way you're facing.
Starboard is starboard.
You know what. Skeemo?
He kind of looks a little
like Justin Bieber. doesn't he?
Yeah.
You're right.
You guys could be twins.
Yeah.
I don't like Justin Bieber.
Neither do I.
Okay.
You guys are missing out.
Ah-ha. you think
you're funny.
Guess what?
You're getting a haircut.
Nunesy?
- Yeah?
Get me the clippers.
Ha-ha. you look beautiful.
Charlie boy.
You in the Navy now.
Charlie!
Mayday. mayday. mayday.
This is "Harmony."
"Harmony." "Harmony."
We have a hole in the hull.
and we're going down quick.
My position is latitude
40-49. longitude 69...
I tell you. man.
This shit right here.
this bouncing around shit
right here.
this is why my old man
wanted me to be a doctor.
I had to tell him. "Dad.
I ain't even gonna graduate
from goddamn high school."
I don't even think
he was paying attention.
At least
your father was home.
- Fuck.
- Oh. man.
My father was home
all the goddamn time.
hating us every inch of it.
Now. the only thing killing
his party when my mama died
was that us kids
didn't die with her.
So yeah.
he was home. all right.
Finest kind.
You wanted a hero. Costa.
All you got was another guy
trying to figure it out.
Hey. man.
I--I got a question.
What the hell
does "finest kind" mean?
You guys are always saying it.
It's an expression
of the trade. my man.
Yeah. but it means
something different
every time you say it.
Hmm.
That's the beauty of it.
Like. sometimes
it can mean "cool."
Sometimes it can mean
"fuck you."
It just depends
on how you say it.
All right. it's
the Swiss Army Knife of words.
perfect for an English major.
- Oh. there we go.
- Oh. yeah.
- Oh!
- All right.
Very nice.
Rescue efforts
extended through the night
as the Coast Guard search
for the fishing vessel
"Harmony"
continue in an area
of the North Atlantic
40 miles southeast
of New Bedford.
Officials say
a distress call was received
reporting an explosion
in the engine room.
The names
of the crew members...
Air Base Cape Cod.
I have a visual
on the vessel survival raft
at 42 degrees east.
65 degrees west.
Closing to check
for survivors.
Over.
We're not dead yet!
Hey!
Keep staying on. Bravo One.
You're straight on it.
Check with the IEC.
Hey!
Are you our Uber?
- You see yet?
- I see it.
Okay!
You keep holding on!
Yeah!
Yes!
I'm alive!
Yeah!
We're going home now. baby!
Oh. Rocky!
Hallelujah.
- Fellas!
- We have risen.
You have risen!
What the hell happened?
Oh. man.
Ah. just another tough day
in the office.
Yeah. I'd say.
I guess so.
Okay. there was a boat.
and then there was no boat.
- Damn.
- Yep.
So good to see your face.
let me tell ya.
Uh. oh. oh--
Captain Tom.
Mm. I knew you'd be here.
Boys. you're
on "American Idol."
Only two days out of port.
the stern trawler "Harmony"
sank
approximately 40 miles
southeast of New Bedford.
Built in 1977.
the 45-year-old vessel
is owned and operated
by Excelsior Seafood--
- Rum and coke. Rocky.
- Rum and coke.
- Budweiser me.
- Bud.
- Two.
- Two Buds.
Linguica and eggs.
And linguica and eggs.
- Yeah.
- And double Jack. Start a tab.
And what will you be
drinking. young man?
Boilermaker.
- Yeah!
- Whoo!
- Charlie!
- Very nice choice.
Let's get hammered.
Mommy. wow.
I'm a big boy now.
Hey. hey. hey!
Check it out.
Listen. Listen. listen.
Listen.
- Oh. my God.
You ready?
In the back.
♪ Live. baby. live ♪
♪ Ay. ay ♪
♪ Now that the day is over ♪
♪ Hey. hey ♪
♪ I got a new sensation ♪
♪ In perfect moments ♪
We heard it.
♪ That's impossible to refuse ♪
- Yeah!
- Cheers.
Cheers.
Cheers. cheers.
Hey. man.
you got it all over.
♪ Now that the night is over ♪
Uh. Rocky. uh. could
my brother use the phone. huh?
Yeah.
♪ And the sun
comes like a God ♪
- Thank you.
- Thanks.
♪ Into our room ♪
- Who's he calling?
Who you calling
on that push-button.
practically rotary dial phone?
- Nobody.
- Calling your girlfriend?
- Get the f--
Jesus Christ.
- Who you calling?
Who you calling?
- Stop.
I'm not available right now.
so leave a message.
- Who you calling?
- And I'll get back to ya.
- Ah. [bleep].
- Girlfriend?
- Hey. Mom. Dad.
- Oh!
- Jesus Christ.
Aw.
I'm fine.
Tom too.
We're good.
We're just. uh--
Oh. hey. Mom.
He's sitting
right next to me.
Let me talk--
We're actually
in some bar. um--
- Rasputin's.
Stop.
Look. I'll call you later.
Jesus!
Mama.
Thank you.
A hell of a first trip. Charlie.
Charlie. hey.
Charlie. check this out.
My eyesight is so fucking good.
I can see almost anything.
I'll bet you 20 bucks.
20 bucks?
20 bucks. I can see anything.
Skee?
You think you could read. uh.
this little label right here?
Sure.
Bullshit.
What about right here?
- Mm.
I don't know.
Is it a bet?
Okay. 20 bucks?
20 bucks.
The top line?
Yeah.
All right.
Don't fucking move it.
- Okay. all right.
- I'm trying to concentrate.
"This is
"the famous Budweiser beer.
"We know of no brand
"produced by any other brewer
which costs so much to brew
and age."
Oh. you memorized
that. motherfucker.
- Oh!
- Yeah!
- That's right.
Yeah. Tom!
Rocky.
Another round. man.
We're not dead yet. baby.
We're not dead yet.
Not dead yet.
Not dead yet!
all: Not dead yet!
Skeemo.
Hey.
all: Not dead yet!
Mabel "Black Label."
Not dead yet!
- Not dead--hey. Dad.
Not dead--
Hey. Mr. Sykes.
Want a beer?
No. I don't want a beer. Tom.
It's 11:00 in the morning.
What did--
what did you do to your hair?
Oh. I've. uh--
You know what?
For Christ's sake. Charlie.
Dad. we're just celebrating.
That's all.
I mean. we--
we had a rough night.
Yeah. I know.
Your mother is going
out of her mind
worrying about you.
Did she ask about me?
I was in danger too.
I didn't like this idea
from the start.
but now you've had your taste.
You can come clerk with me
for the rest of the summer.
Dad. I'm--
I'm going back again.
Ex--excuse me?
I'm going again.
I'm going back to sea.
I mean. as soon as
we get another. uh--
what do ya call it?
Go for it.
What's it called?
What is it?
It's--
- Site. Charlie.
- Site.
As soon as we
get another site.
You know. Tom. your brother
has a chance to be something.
What. a substitute teacher?
He's got an English degree.
He got accepted
to Boston University
law school.
for Christ's sake.
He starts in September.
I--I admire that you wanna pay
your own way.
but I don't want you fishing.
Dad. I'm 22 years old.
And I'd like to see
you make it to 23.
Wise up!
Hey.
These boys almost drowned
last night.
You should be hugging
your boy. not yelling at him.
Just saying.
Who are you?
Nunesy.
Jesus Christ.
Okay. uh. I'm late
for a meeting.
Go see your mother.
She's worried sick.
Cool guy.
I like him.
Law school?
For you?
Is that for real?
You're gonna learn
to sue people and shit?
I'ma do my best.
Back in a minute.
Stay in the car.
You can take a seat.
I'm good.
One sec.
Just bring it out.
Bring it out.
Eh. screw this.
I was wondering when you'd
find the time to come see me.
I had a few stops to make.
In what goddamn world
do you get away
with that attitude?
Where the hell have you been?
I've been waiting all morning.
The reason I didn't come
in here first thing
was so I could chill out.
so I wouldn't come in here
and kill you.
I wanna see the maintenance
records on the boat.
- Excuse me?
- The "Harmony."
Get the file out.
Let's take a look
at it right now.
You've got
some nerve. Eldridge.
Is it here?
Zero accountability.
Blame your damn shortcomings
on everyone else.
I wanna see
the maintenance record
on the fucking boat!
Unlike you.
that boat was shipshape.
Crankcase exploded.
I'm assuming it
was the. uh. oh. bearings
you said you were gonna replace
or a leaky piston ring
let a spark in.
But either way. it's because
you didn't do your job.
You didn't maintain it.
I most certainly did!
You didn't do
the fucking work!
Fuck it.
Right. typical Tom Eldridge.
Walk out--on me. the boat.
yourself. your crew.
You have a respons--
whoa!
Tom! Tom!
We were out in that storm
with a hole in our belly.
I've never--
- Fuck off!
I've never seen a boat
take on water that fast.
I mean. the bitch went down.
You have
an investment out there.
I got my crew.
I got my brother.
We could have died.
I'm calling the police.
Hold on. Karen.
One second.
Go on. hothead.
Hit me.
Yeah.
- Yeah? Huh?
I'd love to see you
locked up.
Tom. don't!
It'd be a waste
of a good punch.
Take a goddamn shower.
You stink.
Like fish.
A bunch of us guys
stinking like fish
made you a millionaire.
Is that his car?
Yeah.
Now he can smell
like the money too.
Man. when do we
go fishing again?
Might be a little while
until we get another boat.
Why?
It wasn't your fault.
Well. that's not the word
ol' Whitey's
gonna put out there.
Your Dad's right.
You should probably clerk.
Fuck me.
I gotta hear this
from you now?
Man. you know.
when I was little.
you never told me what to do.
No?
No. you--you. like--
you'd either ignore me.
or you took me with you.
and you showed me stuff:
how to jump bikes.
how to water ski.
how to light firecrackers.
Oh. yeah.
And how to know
when to throw 'em.
Know where
the emergency room was.
Yeah.
I always knew where I stood
with you. you know?
Get lost. or get over here.
Simple.
And the--the "get lost"
never felt personal.
But the "get over here"
always did.
You boys.
Mom.
Oh. I knew you'd be okay.
You were together.
I couldn't lose
both of you at once.
I had you early and you late.
And I always hoped
you'd find each other grown up.
but just not like this.
Oh.
Okay.
All right.
Your toilet broke?
Just trying
to save on septic.
Why'd you park so far away?
Didn't wanna wake up Kathy.
She hasn't lived here
in six months.
I mean. she moved out.
That's too bad.
I liked her.
I can give you
her phone number.
You--you can ask her out.
How you doing otherwise?
Uh. I've had
a better couple days. Ray.
Yeah.
I got a proposition for you.
What's that?
Need you to take
my boat out for a run.
I've got something
I have to do.
And you heard
I was available?
Boat's due out tomorrow.
Yeah. well. I just got in.
and I'm beat.
Tomorrow.
Will you take her or not?
Jesus C--Christ. Ray.
I mean. I just wanna take
a goddamn breath.
I got a crew
I gotta look out for.
Bring 'em.
My crew's bound.
Just like that?
- Just like what?
-  I haven't fished
for you in years.
and you just take the boat out?
Yes or no?
No!
I'd like to help you out.
Ray. but you--
you make it
pretty goddamn tough.
Tommy?
Please?
Yeah. okay. Pop.
Okay.
Well. have fun.
Just don't get too hungover.
Yeah. you buy a keg and tell
me not to get too drunk.
Tomorrow. you gotta be
on the boat at 8:00 a.m...
We're doing gear work all day.
Up on the third floor.
Yeah. Costa and I
used to live there.
What's up. Jamie?
Beer delivery this way.
Charlie!
Boom!
Fuck.
We got tail.
We got linguica.
We got the Virgin Mary
in the bathtub.
Uh-uh. not too much
in the soup.
There's plenty of meat
everywhere else.
All right.
Charlie. meet Anne Marie.
Hey.
- My dry-land sweetheart.
- How you doing?
Hey. Anne. this is Charlie.
Uh. Tom's way. way
.
Good to meet you.
Ah. I heard all
about you. Charlie.
- Really?
- I hope you like to eat.
I do.
Oh. [speaks Portuguese].
.
Welcome to our house.
Thanks for having me.
Go back to work.
- What?
- Go pump the keg.
Yes. sir.
Hey. where'd you get
such a cute brother?
Beats me.
But not an ounce
of pussy in him.
Uh-uh. unlike you two.
Hey. that's not a way
in which a pregnant woman
should be talking.
- Oh.
Ay.
Hey. sweetheart.
Mm. you need a shave.
- Scratchy?
- Yeah. mm-hmm.
I got us another site.
But how?
Like--like. after yesterday?
What boat?
My old man's.
When?
8:00 tomorrow. on the dock.
- Thank you.
- Hey. good to meet you.
Good to meet you.
Keep it pumping. white boy.
I'll tell you when to stop.
When.
All right.
Charles'll get
in trouble with that.
Charles better hurry.
'cause he's got about 17 hours
to do so.
I'm gonna need a lot of help
from you today. Charlie.
Oh. yeah?
You're gonna have to do
just what I ask you to.
Really?
What about Skeemo?
What about him?
I don't know.
You guys together or something?
Why would you think that?
Well. 'cause you came to see
him the morning we got in.
I know you know that's
not why I came to see him.
I was doing Skeemo a favor.
You can ask him about it.
I'm not no dealer.
And I sure as shit
ain't no one's girlfriend.
you got that?
All right.
All right. I'm sorry I asked.
Well. does
that mean you'll do it?
Do what?
Whatever I ask you to.
I still got it. I think.
You never had it.
No. I think I do.
No.
That was awful on your part.
Mabes?
Mabel?
Give me a ride somewhere.
No. walk.
Three's a crowd.
I can't feel my feet.
Come on.
It's not very far.
Ha-ha.
Get out.
See you tomorrow. Charlie.
Gear work. 8:00 a.m. sharp.
- All right.
- Oh.
Just so you know.
Tom does not like it
if we're late.
Okay. all right. Noted.
Hey. Mabel!
Where are you going?
Somewhere else.
Come on up here.
I got money for ya.
You mean you got
my money for me?
Okay.
You want it. or don't you?
Just wait here.
I'll be a minute.
Hey. what. are you ashamed?
Ashamed of what?
I'm not ashamed of nothing.
Come on.
Hey.
Just like I told you. huh?
Look who it is.
What you drawing?
So who are you?
I'm Charlie.
Oh.
I'm Paulette.
I'm Mabel's mom.
- You're short 20 bucks.
- Yeah. so I owe you.
Where you from?
Uh. I'm from. uh.
South Dartmouth.
Where in South Dartmouth?
Padanaram.
I can't even spell Padanaram.
Yeah. it's spelled
with six zeros.
Rich kid. huh?
So what. you gonna fuck
my daughter and then dump her?
Mom.
Am I wrong?
Am I?
Chucky. Tommy Bahama.
whatever the fuck your name is?
Go.
Hey. drop something off
for me. will ya?
Drop it yourself.
Come on!
Mabel.
Hey. look. your mom's wrong.
That's not what I'm about.
Look. I know we just met.
but I really like you.
all right?
You need to know
some shit about me. Charlie.
All right.
I'm interested in stuff.
I'm interested in myself.
You know. I'm a brave person.
All right. I look after me
'cause I'm the only one
that's doing that.
All right.
and you know what I want?
I wanna give myself a shot.
All right?
I want--I wanna make the most
out of myself and of my life.
And I'm not sure I'm gonna
do it. but I know that I can.
Does that make sense to you?
Yeah. you wanna be
your own hero.
It's just
where I'm from. right.
It's not where I'm going.
Okay.
So let's go.
My car is this way. dummy.
I've been up here
on my own since I was 17.
This is me.
You're beautiful.
Is he still fucking
looking at me?
Yeah.
I can't fucking do this
while he's looking at me.
It's like taking a piss.
I can feel his eyes
fucking burning my neck.
Fucking Eldridge. man.
Dude still scares
the piss out of me.
He scares the piss
out of everybody.
Where the hell is Charlie?
He better fucking get here
before Tom does.
Oh. man.
Here we go.
- Thanks.
- See ya. mate.
Ray. what's up?
Got some twine tops
and rings to drop off.
So drop 'em.
All these years on draggers.
I hope you haven't forgotten
how to scallop.
You all right?
Yeah. finest kind.
I've been working
the channel. killing it.
Big as pie plates.
It's marked down
up in the wheelhouse.
Yeah. well. yeah. I have
some ideas of my own.
Well. my boat. my ideas.
I can stay home.
You can take her out.
I don't wanna tango
with you right now. Tom.
with you. Ray.
You keep an eye on the shoes.
I don't want you
fucking up my dredges.
No more than 12 knots
steaming out.
This ain't a fucking race.
Hey.
Come on. guys.
Where's my fucking brother?
- Hey.
You were asleep.
but the rest of you is awake.
You like me. Charlie?
Yeah.
I like you too.
I like everything about you.
Like me lower.
Yeah.
Who's calling you so early?
It's not so early.
What do you mean?
I keep cardboard
on the windows.
- What?
- I like it dark when I sleep.
What--dude!
Shit!
What time is it?
Oh. uh. it's 8:23.
- No!
- Skeemo.
Skeemo's calling.
Skeemo!
Skeemo. it's Charlie.
We've been looking for you.
You fucked up. man.
We're in the harbor.
We're leaving.
- Whoa!
- Is that Charlie?
Ask college boy what he doesn't
understand about "8:00."
Tell him we'll see him
in ten days.
- Thomas--
- Skeemo.
Hey. Charlie.
This is Costa.
Where are you?
Yo. I'm at Mabel's.
Where's Mabel's?
East Rodney French!
All right.
you still got time.
Mabel. just get him on
to the hurricane deck. okay?
Just leave now.
- All right. we're coming.
Not a fucking chance.
You got your keys?
Yeah. I got them right here.
Go. go!
Right here. right here.
Whoa!
Mabel!
Oh. my God.
Oh. shit!
We're on the sidewalk!
Mabel--whoa!
Shit.
Slow the fuck down!
Oh. my God.
Mabel. fuck. you can drive.
Come on. man.
This is cold.
He's your little brother.
And plus. we need
the extra hands. Tom.
I'm sorry. rules are rules.
Same for everyone.
Look up.
They're on the dyke.
Yeah. I see him.
Oh. man.
That's Mabel's car. right?
There--there was something
I wanted to talk to you about.
I was thinking about going
to community college.
Do you think that's
a crazy idea?
It's great.
Wait. what?
I fucking told you
he was gonna come.
Community college.
Do you think
that's a crazy idea?
I don't think
he's gonna make it.
He's gonna make it.
What the fuck are you doing?
Just slow down. Tom.
He's your little brother!
Come on.
- Yes or--yes or no?
- Wait. there they are!
Look!
- Oh!
Oh. he's gonna--
he's going for it. man.
Let's go. Charlie!
- Costa. look.
- Right there. man.
He's going for it.
Oh. no fucking way.
Come on. Charlie!
Come on. baby boy!
- Wait. Charlie!
- Yeah?
You didn't answer
my question.
Community college.
- Community college?
Do you think that's
stupid. or don't you?
It's smart.
You're smart.
You should go.
Go.
- Okay.
Be your own hero.
Good luck!
- Row in!
- Come on. Charlie!
Come on. Charlie!
You can make it!
Not dead yet!
all: Not dead yet!
There he goes!
Oh!
Oh. shit.
Let's go. baby dolphin!
Right here. right here.
Let's get him.
Give me that. yeah.
- Pull the rig out!
Take it!
Grab it. Charlie!
- Yeah!
- Charlie!
Come on. Charlie!
Out of the water!
Let's go. baby!
Get him out of the water!
Come on. baby!
Come on. man!
- You got it.
Come up.
Come on.
Oh.
Yeah. boy.
Mabel!
Charlie!
Outward bound.
Godspeed. boys.
Godspeed.
Look. I overslept.
I'm sorry.
Well. if you said
you weren't paying attention.
I'd throw you back
over the side.
Man. the sky and the sea
are the same color.
You can't even see the horizon.
You know
what you also can't see?
Whales down there.
Where?
50 feet below us.
Wanna hear 'em?
Yeah.
Humpbacks.
Where is that coming from?
Ray wired up a microphone.
He's a closet whale hugger.
And he's
from down South. right?
Texas.
How did he end up
in Massachusetts?
He had a shrimp boat
out of Galveston.
Hurricane sunk it.
He came up here to New Bedford.
My mom had me.
Never went home.
You should probably turn in.
All right.
I mean. aye. aye. cap'n.
You gonna fuck that thing
when you're done feeling it up?
You got to stow
these things just right.
You get a little bit
of mildew on the seams.
it weakens. splits.
It's fucking over.
What the hell is that?
It's a survival suit. Charlie.
We go down.
I put this bad boy on.
Coast Guard finds me two days
after Skeemo over here
is sleeping with the fishes.
Biggest waste
of money I ever saw.
Boats do sink.
in case you forgot
what happened last Monday.
Well. it's like this. Nunesy.
Sure. you and I are dory mates.
But this ship starts going down
and you march out on the deck
wearing that thing.
what do you think's
gonna happen?
We're gonna pat you
on the back.
say lucky for you?
No.
I'm gonna smack you over
the head with a marlinspike
and take the fucking thing.
And then I gotta fight Charlie
for it.
And he's a scrappy looking kid.
I'm not looking forward
to that.
You think I didn't think
about that?
No. I don't think you thought
about that. Nunesy.
The fuck?
Jesus Christ.
Yeah. yeah.
I'll let him know.
I got six friends here
that say
I'm gonna wear that bad boy
into the deep blue sea.
You don't have any idea
how fucked up
what you just said is. do you?
Well. you're the one talking
about killing me for it.
I'm joking with you.
You bought a gun.
You put it
in your fucking suit.
Are you out of your mind?
You're a sick man.
- Yeah.
Guys.
it's clarified our roles.
It's given us all a goal.
You know. human resources.
they'd call it
good team building.
- You see?
- Yeah.
Team building.
- Team building.
- Yeah.
Yeah.
Beautifully phrased bullshit.
Team building.
Scalloping now. King Charles.
We hook up.
Keep your fingers clear
at all times.
outside of the hook.
All right.
Back up from it.
Wait till it gets
about halfway.
Walk it back
the way I showed you.
Don't pull on it.
Just walk it back.
All right.
Keep coming.
Great. Nicely done.
Little Double Dutch swing.
Boom.
Whoa!
Whoo!
Yeah.
Come on over.
First thing you do:
pull this guy in.
Pull it out of the bullring.
All right. simple as that.
All right.
Gotta move fast.
Time is money.
Uh-huh.
Dump the dump chain.
Yeah.
Now. back the fuck up.
- Look at that.
- Yeah. I see.
Doubloons.
Yeah. man.
Michelin star dinner
right there.
All right. Charlie boy.
So we wanna get the dredge
on the rail.
So we hook it up
to the lifting chain
right here. okay?
We wanna get
out of this bad boy's way.
Okay.
- Okay.
Whoa!
Whoa. okay.
Hit it on the down roll.
The down roll?
All right. now the fun part.
You good at bending over?
You're gonna get
a lot of practice.
Come on.
Come on. baby.
Let's get in here.
All right!
Let's get mad. boys!
Assholes and elbows. come on!
All right. Charlie.
I'm gonna explain this
one time.
Right side up.
- Yeah.
You wanna get in there
nice and slow.
Turn the knife upward
and scrape the meat.
Yep.
Damn. that opened that.
Have fun.
It should all
just come right off.
- There you go.
- Hey!
- Yeah. baby.
- Yeah!
There you go.
You're a natural.
Man. that was perfect!
You see that?
That's beautiful. yeah.
You got to find that rhythm.
What. you gotta dance
while you--
Find that chakra that--
yeah. you do a shuck dance.
It helps you out.
Man. I can't
even put the knife in
when dancing like this.
I got a lot of natural rhythm
anyway. you know?
You should see him
practicing salsa.
Let's find a big scallop.
Big one's a different story.
You got to flip
your knife around. right?
Hold that.
Flip your knife around.
Right.
You got to hit it hard.
Knock it out.
- He didn't do that.
You got to knock it.
The big ones are conscious.
You got to knock it out.
Hit it harder.
You got to--knock it out!
I'm joking.
You don't got to knock it.
Know what I'm saying?
All right. King Charles.
Now. we wash.
Here's
where you polish them up.
You get them looking
nice and sparkling clean.
Oh. yeah.
Grab one
of those muslin bags
like I showed you.
Hold it open.
There you go.
You got a bag of gold.
Yeah.
You enjoying yourself?
Yes. sir!
Fat baby.
Hey. grab that shovel. Charlie.
I got it.
Just sprinkle
a little bit on top.
Give it a little bit of love.
- Like that?
- Like that.
That's perfect.
That's good.
Huh. huh?
Not too bad.
You almost looking
like a fisherman.
What's up. fuckhead?
How we doing?
Six bushels a side. 20-count.
Nice.
Not nice enough.
We're moving north.
Hey. Tom. we're all cut out.
The guys wanna know
when we're setting out again.
See that line of boats?
Those are
American fishing boats.
Uh-huh.
And that is
a Canadian Coast Guard
moving away from us
about 11 miles.
And as soon as they disappear.
we're going in.
Going in where?
Canadian waters.
That's Canada on that side.
and there are scallops
along there.
And I remember a spot
from a few years ago.
It could be virgin stuff. U10s.
U10s means money. baby.
So we shut our transponder off
so we can't be located.
dip in. dip out.
turn it back on.
like nothing happened.
Yeah. we're gonna show Ray
what real fishermen can do.
The biggest trip
the "Finestkind's" had
in five years is gonna be mine.
We're gonna shove
the boat share
so far up his nose.
it's gonna come out his ears.
What happens
if we get caught?
Getting caught
is not an option.
Whew.
Say that again.
Getting caught is
not a fucking option.
♪ I'm down and out ♪
♪ I'm on my knees ♪
♪ Been working so hard
to fill my needs ♪
♪ 'Cause I got bitten
by a hand that feeds ♪
♪ And I'm burning cash
like gasoline ♪
♪ I'm back to the grind ♪
♪ All I wanted to say ♪
♪ Is I've been walking
this line too long ♪
♪ And all I wanted to say ♪
♪ You know time has come ♪
♪ You're gonna miss me
when I'm gone ♪
♪ I got no shelter
in the driving rain ♪
♪ I got no lady
to ease my pain ♪
Days like this. I don't
regret not going to college.
Amen. brother.
Whoo!
Whoo-whoo.
Look at that.
That's gold. baby.
Now we're fishing. boys!
Eat your heart out. Ray!
Yeah!
Come on!
Get mad!
♪ Is I've been walking
this line too long ♪
♪ And all I wanted to say ♪
♪ You know the time has come ♪
♪ So don't miss me
when I'm gone ♪
Hey. Charles.
Come meet my friend. Shamu.
Whoa!
He's mooning ya.
Yeah.
Oh.
Look. his buddy.
Free Willy. showed up.
Oh-ho!
Damn.
♪ And all I wanted to say ♪
♪ Is I've been walking
this line for too long ♪
- Money bags. huh?
- Yeah.
♪ Say ♪
♪ You know the time has come ♪
♪ So don't miss me
when I'm gone ♪
Get your hands off me.
Get your fucking hands off me.
Don't start this shit again.
Oh. fuck.
Quit. Charlie.
- No. never.
- Charlie.
- Get the fuck off.
Fuck you.
Ah!
Whoo!
There it is. baby.
Fuck.
- Fuck.
- Here. I got you.
What was that?
We're hung up.
But look--no peaks.
no edges. nothing.
Let me try
and work her loose.
Come on.
Come on. baby.
Give it some juice!
Yeah.
Come on. come on.
come on. come on.
Son of a bitch.
Support dredge is stuck.
Gonna haul back
the starboard side.
Oh. shit.
Canadians coming.
How much time?
Six minutes.
Then we got to cut loose.
Fuck. that's not a boat.
Tom. that's not a boat.
We got killer tomatoes
on the way.
What are killer tomatoes?
Canadian Coast Guard.
'cause they're painted red.
Oh. shit.
Oh!
How close are we to the line?
Not close enough.
We are fucked.
Fuck you!
How soon till we know
if we're in trouble or not?
It depends.
Canadians might be just
happy to chase us off.
Right now. we're just
another boat coming home
'cause we lost a dredge.
Yeah. go tell the boys
to get back on the lines.
All right.
Silver lining is.
lucky you.
you get a second shot
at Mabel "Black Label"
earlier than expected.
Yeah. I don't--
I don't really know
what to do about that.
She's great and everything.
I just feel like
with everything
that's been going on with Tom
and--and I just--
You're
overthinking it. brother.
Just take it easy.
Fuck!
Haul this to the state pier.
I'll serve the papers there!
Your vessel's been seized!
You know why I fish?
Because when I'm out at sea.
every asshole in my fucking
life disappears
from the break on down!
And you fucking clowns
can suck my--
Fuck you!
What do you think
about fishing now?
I'd go back out
in a heartbeat.
Finest kind.
Get that word
out of your mouth.
This isn't your life.
It's my life.
You're just a fucking tourist.
No. do--don't get
me wrong. Charlie.
I mean. you're a hell of a kid.
You--
I mean. you could be
in some air-conditioned office
with your father.
but you're out
humping it with us.
You know. always thought
you were a hell of a kid.
What's gonna happen
to the boat?
We pray to God
they don't take the license.
Mr. White will probably
fucking end up with her.
You stay here.
Hey. Tom?
Tom. I'm gonna get you
through this.
Mr. Eldridge isn't home.
Where is he?
Who are you?
That tells a story
right there.
I'm his son.
Ray's in Boston.
What's he doing in Boston?
Call for Dr. Sattler.
Call for Dr. Lorene Sattler.
Hey. Pop.
- Hey.
What are you doing here?
How did you know I was here?
Your neighbor.
Yeah.
Is that you. Charlie?
Mr. Eldridge.
good to see you.
Yeah. Charlie's been fishing
with us. uh. this summer.
Oh. good.
Brothers ought to be brothers.
How's your mom doing?
She's good.
Thank you.
You're not in the hospital
because you ate
some of her meatloaf. are you?
She's been making
that a long time. huh?
What's going on?
Why are you here?
I got cancer.
In my stomach.
Same thing that killed my dad.
and I'm going out
just like he did.
I mean--
What can we do?
What--what are they gonna do?
What--what are they doing?
Nothing.
It's too late.
I waited too long.
I thought it was a ulcer.
At least I can stop eating
them goddamn Tums now.
They were in here
about an hour ago
wanting to talk about hospices.
I told them to fuck off.
I'm going fishing.
That boat's my hospice.
What are you guys doing here?
You're supposed to be
out to sea.
Uh. we were fishing the line.
Uh. dredge got caught up.
Canadian spotter plane got us.
Boat's impounded.
What in the goddamn hell
are you doing
in Canadian waters?
Where's the boat at now?
- New Bedford.
- Shit.
I never should
have trusted you.
I do not understand
the way you're built.
You built me!
I did not.
You can't work with people.
You can't get along.
You have no allegiance.
You have no commitment
to anybody but yourself.
Mr. Eldridge.
with--with all due respect.
that's not true.
You're wrong.
It's incredible. shit they
make you wear in this joint.
You got a knife on you?
Can you boys help me
get out of here?
Is that my shirt
you're wearing?
Uh. I don't know.
I found it on the boat.
What's your dad think
about you fishing. Charlie?
Uh. honestly.
Mr. Eldridge. not much.
Smart man.
It's not your fault. Tom.
I've been chased
off the line many times.
That could have been me.
Just plain old dumb. bad luck.
It seems to be running
in the family here lately.
I'll get your boat back.
I promise.
No. you're gonna get
your boat back.
- My boat?
- Yeah.
I die. you get the boat
and all the headaches
that go with it.
I don't want it.
Uh. maybe
if we worked it together
or I had gone mate for you.
but. you know.
I got nothing to do with it.
Give it to your crew.
I mean. give it
to fucking Charlie.
I--I don't want the boat.
You want my boat. Charlie?
No. sir.
Sorry. Mr. Eldridge.
I don't wanna get
in the middle of this.
- Mm.
- You guys need to talk.
No.
Tom won't change.
I can't change.
Let that be a lesson
to you. Charlie.
You live.
You die.
It's the in-between
that counts.
Finest kind.
So then you knock
the dredge out on the roll.
or else it'll flip.
and then it'll come up empty.
And then we tow them back.
And then you have.
like. 12 minutes
if we're in rocky bottoms.
like. maybe 20 if it's soft.
What do you mean by soft?
- He means sand.
- Oh.
Right. so then
we haul them back.
Wait. h--haul what back?
The dredges.
So do you hook up
or run the winch?
I hook up
because I'm the shacker.
But Skeemo and Nunesy.
they run the winch.
Well. I might not know
about hooking up or--
or hauling in. but Shacker.
Nunesy. and Skeemo
sounds like...
A law firm.
So... how long before this
is out of your system?
- Gary.
Don't "Gary" me. Donna.
I'm just asking.
I'm thinking of fishing
for a year.
you know. deferring law school.
D--don't screw
around. Charlie.
This is Boston University Law.
It'll open doors for you
the rest of your life.
I don't want doors
opened for me.
I want my own thing.
You--you want
what you think Tom has.
but you're gonna find out
he's got shit.
Stop idolizing him.
You're better than he is.
No offense.
I'm just thinking about it!
He's disappointed.
You surprised him.
Honey. please take this slow.
Mom. there's something else.
Mr. Eldridge has cancer.
What?
Ray?
Me and Tom drove him home
from Mass General.
Well. Mr. Eldridge told Tom
that he wanted him to have
the boat.
and Tom said no.
and then they just fought.
It's that bad. huh?
Ray's giving up the boat.
Mom. him and Tom.
they've got to find a way
to figure things out.
because if--
- Some girl for you
named. uh. Mabel.
I didn't think
they named girls Mabel anymore.
Hey.
I heard you were home.
white boy.
Yeah.
Who told you. Skeemo?
Uh-huh.
I'm trying to see you.
Were you gonna ghost me?
Look. I--I don't even have
your number.
You could have
called someone.
You have resources.
Look. I have been thinking
about everything
that's been going on with--
Do you got
a girlfriend. Charlie?
Not right now.
I mean. not--not steady.
Well. do you want one
or don't you?
Maybe.
Well. you better decide.
Mr. Maybe.
because I am parked outside
of your big. expensive
Padanaram mansion.
You got fucking horses
back there?
And I need advice filling out
my community college apps.
We have to write an essay
for the application.
You should probably write it
about how good you kiss.
You know I've actually only
ever written an essay once?
- Yeah?
- Yeah. senior year. Moby Dick.
Um. maybe we should leave
Herman Melville out of this.
You know. I tried to read it.
but I quit 200 pages in.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
Um...
I couldn't relate.
My essay was "too many
damn dudes on that boat."
I hear that.
So?
What?
What's gonna be my essay?
What about
if you make it personal?
You know.
what makes you scared.
what makes you happy.
- Yeah.
- Yeah?
Yeah.
It was a great crew
while it lasted.
Hey. we don't know
it's over yet.
Didn't tell my wife
I'm unemployed yet.
Yo. what happened?
$100.000 fine.
catch forfeited.
said Ray's lucky to keep
his fucking license.
Shit.
I thought it was
just supposed to be
a--a preliminary hearing.
Well. their minds
were made up.
Why see me twice?
Especially in that suit.
I would fine you
a million fuck dollars.
Easy for you to laugh.
You got everything.
Yeah. you're right.
I got everything.
including you.
Face only a mother
could love.
Yeah. son of a bitch
said I could send it out
as my Christmas card.
Yeah.
Ah. shit.
How are we gonna make $100.000?
Well. Ray's house
is against it.
so we're fucked at the bank.
We can't fish it up
because the boat's impounded
until the fine's paid.
But goddamn if I'm gonna lose
my father's boat.
I--I still don't see
what's in it for me.
You lend us the money.
You--you pay the fine.
We'll fish exclusively
for Excelsior
until you recoup your 100
plus another 50.
50% return on my dollar.
Yeah.
I wish life were that simple.
I can't let my father die
with his boat tied up.
Name your terms.
and you got a deal.
The "Finestkind"
is a highliner.
Ray Eldridge running it
would be a great investment.
but you...
No.
And. uh.
the way
you're feelin' right now. Tom?
Never forget it.
♪ People smile and tell me
I'm the lucky one ♪
♪ And we've just begun ♪
♪ Think I'm gonna have a son ♪
♪ He will be like she and me ♪
♪ As free as a dove ♪
♪ Conceived in love ♪
♪ Sun is gonna shine above ♪
♪ Even though
we ain't got money ♪
♪ I'm so in love
with you. honey ♪
♪ And everything will bring
a chain of love ♪
Donna.
Hey. Ray.
How are you doing?
Never better.
Charlie told me.
Did he?
You come to say goodbye?
Oh. come over here.
Come on.
Rocky. you got a good. cold
white wine hidden back there?
Chardonnay or a Pinot Grigio?
- Chardonnay.
- Yeah.
- In a paper cup.
Only you could
ever do this to me.
What?
Make me laugh and make me cry
at the same time.
Does it hurt?
I can handle it.
That's not what I asked.
Here you go.
Thanks. Rock.
How's Tom handling it?
Ooh.
It's not too late.
You put Tom in this world.
You can't leave
without saying goodbye.
Me and Tom said goodbye
a long time ago.
There's no point
in saying it again.
♪ Strong and kind ♪
♪ And the little boy is mine ♪
♪ Now. I see a family ♪
Couldn't you have played one
of your Merle Haggard songs?
I'm out of quarters. baby.
♪ Yeah. we're gonna
fly to the sun ♪
Heroin.
Smuggling fucking heroin.
Are you guys serious
about this?
You go bad. you might as well
go bad to the bone. baby.
What if we get caught?
I'll go to Walpole.
lift some weights.
do some time.
We'll all get jobs
in the laundry.
Not gonna get caught.
We're gonna go
ten miles offshore.
pick up a drop.
deliver it back onshore.
Done.
Pick up
a hundred-grand delivery fee.
We don't gotta stick
with the cards
that we were dealt. man.
Fuck the cards.
- Fuck the cards.
- Yeah. fucking fuck the cards.
We deal ourselves a new hand.
What do I tell Charlie?
Ooh. tell Charlie?
Yeah. he's part of the crew.
He's got a right to know.
Yo. Charlie's the one
who set this up.
Sorry we're late.
You found these drug guys?
You brokered the deal?
Yeah.
My mom knows them.
Yeah. she says it's cool.
Oh. your girlfriend's
convicted felon.
drug-dealing mother says
it's cool.
I feel so much better now.
Listen. if you're
not interested.
they're just gonna find
somebody else who is.
Was that a threat?
No.
I'm just saying
they wanna do business.
So whether that's
with us or whoever.
it really doesn't matter.
How does it work?
They wanna meet
at Supreme Donuts in an hour.
There you go.
Marky. I asked for a cruller.
Does look a cruller to you?
Ah. here we go.
There they are.
Yeah. get this out of here.
What is this. Mabel.
a fucking convention?
This is Tom.
He's the captain.
Hi. Tom.
I'm Weeks.
Pull up a chair.
Everybody. sit down.
Relax.
Would you like some coffee?
Yeah. I'll take
a black. no sugar.
Counter's over there. motherfucker.
Hey.
He's with you guys?
Yeah.
He just thinks he's better
than us.
so he sits by himself.
20 grand.
Another 80 when you
hand over my stock.
You know. Mabel here says
you guys are one-timing.
but if this works out...
No. this is it.
One time only.
Short on cash?
Mabel here. she has
all the. uh. times.
addresses. you know.
attitude and longitude--
all that bullshit.
We was gonna write it
on her panties.
but it turns out
she's not wearing any.
Ha-ha.
There you are.
All right. so you're the one
with his brain in his dick.
You I don't think I like.
And you. you're a dumbass.
You. I've seen
those eyes before.
Those are the eyes that keep
people like me in business.
And you're
the righteously pissed off one.
You I can deal with.
even if you are fucking mute.
All right. guys. don't fuck up.
No second chances.
Your mom's got my number.
I expect to see you
promptly after the fact.
Sure your brother-in-law's
okay with this?
Yeah. he owes me a favor.
A big one.
Let's take her
to the ice house.
What do we need ice for?
Make a couple of tows.
have some fish in the hole
if the Coast Guard boards us.
wanna know
why we're out there empty.
See. that's why you're
the captain. right?
All right. boys. let's go.
What?
Just so you know.
Charlie. this is it.
After this.
we go separate ways.
What are you talking about?
Don't start this shit again.
You can turn in any time.
No. I'm not turning in.
I'm not going anywhere.
This is my deal.
It was my idea.
I set the whole thing up.
Do you know what line
you're crossing right now?
What--what line
I'm crossing?
Did you know what line
you were crossing
when you went into Canada?
Huh?
You crossed a line
to say "fuck you"
to your father. right?
And I crossed a line
to help you.
Oh!
Get up
on that fucking bowline.
That's him.
Let's get after it.
- We leave it.
- We can't do that.
- We fucking leave it.
We're leaving it there!
They're gonna think
we ripped them off!
I'm gonna turn it back around.
Fuck.
You live.
You die.
It's the in-between
that counts.
Ray Eldridge said so. right?
Hey. this gets his boat back.
He dies knowing it's okay.
Yeah.
Yeah. we got it.
All right.
They wanna meet
at the parking lot
of the Supreme Donuts
in 10 minutes.
But they only want
two of us there.
Shotgun.
Tom!
Tom. I'm coming with.
Get out.
What?
It's the way it's gotta be.
It's me and Charlie
till the wheels come off.
Get out.
Get the cashier's check.
We pay the fine.
Then how long
before we get the boat?
We'll be fishing in no time.
What is it?
What?
Don't know.
Shit.
Drugs are mine.
You don't know about it.
You've never seen 'em.
Tell me you understand.
Police!
Hands up!
Tell me you understand!
Turn off the car.
Throw the keys out the window.
- I understand.
- Turn off the car.
Throw the keys.
Throw!
Get up.
Go. on the ground!
You dumb bastards.
You're not fucking cops.
Protect and serve. motherfucker.
Let's go.
No!
- Oh.
- Are you okay?
Fuck. he's busted
your fucking head open.
I gotta get you
to the hospital.
- No. uh--
- Hold that.
No.
We gotta--we got--
we gotta go deal
with those Boston guys.
They're gonna think
we fucking stole from 'em.
All right.
No one's here.
Counter lady said they took off
a few minutes ago.
Charlie. we're in trouble.
The hell are we gonna do?
They had badges.
they had lights.
just like undercover cops.
We went to the doughnut place
to tell Weeks what happened.
but we were late.
Already left.
What if Weeks
sent those guys?
And why would he do that?
So he wouldn't
have to pay us.
No. he--he wouldn't
take a chance
with real cops
showing up on us.
What's going on
over there. Rock?
Don't know.
Boys were waiting.
Tom came in beat up.
What happened?
Weeks just called my mom
and said you guys didn't show.
He's crazy mad.
We got robbed.
What?
Who were they?
Who's who?
The guys who jumped us.
Are you asking me?
How would I know?
- Tom. don't.
You set us up.
Are you fucking
serious right now?
You fucking set us up.
Look at me.
- I didn't fucking set you up.
- Hey. whoa. whoa!
Hey!
What the fuck is your problem?
- Stop! Stop it!
- The fuck is your problem?
You fucking set us up!
Fuck you. I did!
How can you talk shit
like that?
Charlie. she set us up!
You don't fucking know me!
- You fucking set us up!
- Tom!
Never say some shit
like that again!
- Come on. get out.
- Get off.
Get your fucking hands off me!
Hey! Hey!
Hey. stop!
I didn't fucking
set you up. all right?
Would you stop?
I didn't set you up!
Okay!
- I like you guys.
- Yeah. we like you.
Yeah. you like me too?
Why didn't you fucking
like me in there?
You didn't say shit to Tom!
You just let him--you--
I just had to stand there
and fucking take it!
He's my fucking brother.
What do you want from me?
- Get the--shut the--
- What am I supposed to do?
Get the fuck out of my way!
Mabel. I believe you!
Fuck!
I'm good.
That's fucking priceless.
What the hell's
going on here. boys?
N--nothing. Ray.
Just a misunderstanding.
Misunderstanding?
You sure about that?
Your problems are much bigger
than mine. I guarantee it.
No offense. Ray. but fuck off.
Who the hell
do you think you are?
I'm your fucking son!
I'm your fucking daddy.
All right. boys.
I'm gonna cook you some food.
and we're gonna talk
some shit out.
We'll figure this out. okay?
How you doing?
Yo. my guy. like. let's--
let's just take this
outside. okay?
Nah.
Keep going
where you were going.
Tony. please.
She's got nothing
to do with this. man.
Oh. no. I agree.
Only thing
I would accuse your wife of
is making
a wonderful cup of coffee.
Where's Jamie?
The living room. watching TV.
The boy likes Big Bird
just like we used to.
Just get out of my house.
We'll talk about this outside.
Nah.
Kitchen table.
That's where the real
family business gets done.
Tom.
Come on.
Sit down.
So which part
of "promptly after the fact"
did you have trouble
understanding?
Because you fellas got
something of mine. right?
Ah--
Oh. yeah. that's a problem
we've been having.
How far apart
are the pains now. Marky?
Just breathe.
About three minutes.
Now. the quicker you fellas
help me with my problem.
the sooner
you can handle your own.
Deal's a deal. cap. all right?
Big fish eats little fish.
Where's my heroin?
You should ask
your girl. Mabel.
I actually stopped by there
before I came here.
Ain't that right. Paul?
Oh. yeah.
See. you girlfriend
said fake cops took it.
Come on.
You think we haven't heard
that bullshit before?
- She set us up.
- No. she didn't.
- Charlie.
- She didn't fucking set us up!
The kid's right.
If you got a snitch. I'd look
a little more internally.
And Mabel doesn't know squat.
And trust me.
we asked her hard.
You fuck.
What'd you do?
Call me that again.
Hey. hey!
Come on!
- Ah!
- Call me fucker again!
- Hey. hey. hey!
Call me a fuck again!
- Hey. come on!
- Call me a fuck again!
Come on!
I got you.
Just breathe.
- Not so fucking brave now?
Is this your brother?
Yo. Marky. this big fucker
here. is my brother--
Irish twins. ten months apart.
You guys look
more spread out than that.
Still a pain in the ass.
though. right?
I don't have your heroin.
Well. if that's true. cap.
then someone in your crew
blew up the deal.
Snitch is on your end.
I doubt it.
Paulie there's my cousin.
See. family will fuck you.
but not like that.
Truth is.
it doesn't fucking matter.
It's the price
of doing business. all right?
Some fish you catch.
Some get away.
Am I right?
- Ah!
Just breathe. baby.
Where I'm from.
you're only as good
as your hard-earned reputation.
You can't have 'em
laughing at you.
So I very much wanna get
my dope back.
Oh. she's having
the baby right now!
We're telling the truth!
Shut the fuck up!
It doesn't fucking matter!
The only thing that matters is
this gets resolved tomorrow!
That's what happens
when you work in the shop!
You get short fucking notice
when people aren't happy!
Charlie. hold her!
Charlie!
Go!
Tomorrow morning.
10:00 a.m..
you're gonna bring my heroin
to Supreme Donuts.
Otherwise.
your troubles with me
are gonna be over
one way or another.
Am I being clear?
Clear.
Are we sure?
Because I'm not talking about
breaking your legs here. yeah?
I understand!
Let me explain one more time.
Hey. hey. hey!
Come on--
- Oh. oh--
Wait. stop!
Tomorrow.
Let's go.
It's okay.
See you soon.
Nunesy! Nunesy!
Nunesy. 911!
- Fuck.
Ah!
Mabel!
God. Charlie.
Mabel.
Charlie. I just--
I don't want you
to look at me right now.
It's really ugly.
There's no one else
I wanna look at.
I'm sorry.
I'm really sorry. Charlie.
Sorry.
Can I help you. sir?
I need some advice.
Hey. Charlie.
Oh. shit.
Mr. Eldridge.
What the hell
are you doing with that pistol?
Where's Tom?
What's going on?
Look. it's a long story.
You know Anne Marie Costa?
Know who she is:
Tony Costa's wife.
Yeah.
She had a baby today. and. uh.
Tom drove her to the hospital.
and I haven't seen him since.
I was hoping he was here.
So why the gun?
It's messed up.
Costa got shot by a burglar
in their house.
I'm getting a rash from
all your bullshit. Charlie.
You wanna hear what I know?
Yeah. sure.
You boys go out fishing
on the double down.
You're back in port
after one day.
I see Tom beat up. screaming
about being set up.
Tony Costa catches
a burglar in this house.
gets shot. and you.
the college boy.
are running around
with a pistol in your belt.
Even a half-wit
New Bedford police detective
could figure this shit out.
I know.
We're grown-ups. you know.
We can't run to our dads
when things go wrong.
I'm not your father. Charlie.
I'm that son of a bitch.
Ray Eldridge.
everybody tries
to steer clear of.
Oh. hell.
I don't even know
what I'm doing here anyway.
My wife divorced me.
my son won't talk to me.
and I ought to be dying
down in Texas.
not up here with a bunch
of goddamn swamp Yankees.
Shit.
So why are you here?
The price
of New England scallops
is a hell of a lot higher
than the price
of Gulf Coast shrimp.
Right.
And I like
the North Atlantic.
I heard the whales.
- Hmm.
- Yeah.
Whereabouts?
Wheelhouse
on the "Finestkind."
Oh.
did you sing along with them?
- No. I--
Gotta sing along
with 'em. Charlie.
Otherwise. you just listening.
Your father love you. Charlie?
Yes. sir.
Well. I love my son too.
We're in trouble.
Then why don't you tell me
about it?
♪ I'm not at home ♪
♪ I have no instruments ♪
♪ No instruments ♪
♪ I'm using yours ♪
♪ I'm throwing
pillows on the floor ♪
♪ On the floor ♪
♪ And when I'm home.
I'm not at home ♪
♪ And when I'm home
♪ I'm having thoughts
of driving in a storm ♪
♪ I was in a storm ♪
Yo. Nunes.
Wondering if Tom crashed here.
I waited for him all night
at the marsh.
but he didn't show.
You know where he went?
Yeah. Tom came
ten minutes ago.
out of his fucking skull.
He asked to see
my survival suit .38
and stuck it in my face
like I'm the fucking snitch.
Did you know where he went?
He went to go see Skeemo
at his grandmother's.
You know the address?
Yo. what's the fucking address?
85 Duffy Street. man.
All right.
It's gonna be all right. okay?
Charlie!
Tommy's wrong. man.
Skeemo's one of us.
♪ Why must I always
say it again? ♪
♪ I've got a new girl
now. now. now ♪
♪ I've got a new girl now ♪
♪ And she's a lot like you ♪
♪ I tried to wash my face ♪
♪ But my head-- ♪
Tommy.
I didn't hear you come in.
I got a pizza.
You want some?
That's. uh--that's
a lot of dope there. Skeemo.
Where the money come from?
I hit a scratch card
for. like. 500 bucks.
Oh. okay.
Can you believe that shit?
Huh.
Lucky day. you know?
I went in there.
I wasn't even gonna buy one.
Bought some cigarettes.
I had five bucks left over.
Swallow it.
Swallow it. you snitch.
Fuck.
What the fuck is wrong
with you. man?
Jesus.
- Tell me what's up.
Fuck.
I don't know
what you think I did.
Tell me what you--
Jesus Christ. Tom.
Charlie. your brother's
gone fucking crazy.
- Put the gun down!
- Christ. Tom!
Get out of here. Charlie.
Go home. Charlie!
Tom. listen to me!
I don't know
what the fuck he's--
oh--fuck!
I needed a fix. all right?
I needed a fucking fix
to know I could when I had to!
Can't trust a junkie. right?
Don't you know?
Well. I can't trust
the junkie inside me.
Ray dies thinking his boat
is lost because of you.
No.
That's your fault. not mine.
You're the captain.
You crossed the line. not me.
That's on you.
Shut the fuck up!
Tom. you're my brother.
Look at me.
You live and you die.
It's the in-between part
that's important.
This is the in-between part.
Please.
I feel
like I'm losing something.
I don't know how
to get it back.
Yeah. I know exa--
I found it.
Good for you.
Yeah. right here.
I found you.
I got you. you fucking nutcase.
Come on.
Gotta make a deal.
Now that right there. Marky.
that's a goddamn righteous
cruller right there.
I appreciate that with you.
Always. you always listen
to what I say
or why I feel a thing.
Let me guess:
will work for food?
I'm Ray Eldridge.
Tom Eldridge's father.
So what?
I want you
to leave my son alone.
You believe
this fucking guy?
What. you hold his hand
when you walk him
across the street?
Wipe his runny nose?
Ah. I got it.
When it snows out. you clip
his mittens to his jacket
so doesn't lose one.
This motherfucker
coming in here.
I want you to call it a day.
I can't do that.
Your kid owes me big time
on something.
I got $15.000 in this sack.
I'll give it to ya.
I appreciate that.
I do.
But you'd need. I don't know.
another 300 sacks.
Does that help you understand
the scope of this issue?
Please. leave Tom alone.
I wish I could. all right?
I got boys of my own.
I'd hate to see 'em
jammed up like this.
But maybe. you know.
you should have raised your son
not to go into business
with guys like me.
you know. maybe doubled up
on the belt.
been a better role model.
Coulda. shoulda. woulda.
But I'll tell you what.
I'm gonna do you
a favor. all right?
Give you a head start.
Why don't you go down here
to this funeral home.
and I want you to go
in there and pick out
a fucking pine box
for your kid.
because he's gonna fucking
need one.
Now. get the fuck out here!
This motherfucker
coming in here.
No. oh. sh--
There's a man outside
waiting on us.
He's pretty rough.
Go fuck yourself.
You hear the price
of scallops this morning?
$25.
Sandra Jane brought in
18.000 pounds.
What'd you do. Pop?
Someday. if you ever have
a son.
the first time you look at him.
you get a feeling all at once
that you'd die for him.
Little thing
you never saw before.
and you would
stone cold die for him.
That feeling doesn't go away.
You might forget.
But it's always there.
Always there.
I--I love you. Pop.
I do.
I've tried real hard
to not ever need anyone.
Don't you do that.
Don't let him do that. Charlie.
No. sir.
Hey.
You all right?
You think
they're gonna give me
a hard time in there?
Mabel. come on.
You're safe with me.
I like trusting you. Charlie.
How do I look. white boy?
How do you look?
Fucking incredible.
Mm-hmm.
Almost ready.
My famous meatloaf.
So where did you go to school?
New Bedford High?
Yeah.
Blue House. Tan House?
I was actually in Gold House.
Me too.
You can take the girl
out of New Bedford.
but you can't take
New Bedford out of the girl.
And you shouldn't want to.
I keep her right here.
So what'd you wanna ask me?
Oh. uh. I wanted
to borrow some money.
Sure.
How much?
$100.000.
To pay the fine
on Ray Eldridge's boat.
Right.
Jesus Christ.
After everything
that's happened.
everything that's gone
so horribly wrong.
you still wanna fish?
Yeah.
I do.
Just because
I'm a goddamn lawyer
doesn't mean you should be.
- Don't get mad. Dad.
What do you want me to do?
I want you to listen to me!
- O--okay. Charlie.
- All right?
But you haven't said
anything that makes sense
to me in a long time.
Look. I have done hard work
when I was young.
and it's fulfilling.
It is.
But this is so dangerous.
Yeah. exactly.
That's what I love about it.
You gotta fight out there.
You gotta be brave.
You gotta be smart.
You gotta be strong.
I feel alive
when I'm out there.
I feel connected.
I feel like I'm making
my own choices.
I feel like I'm getting closer
to who I am!
But Charlie. law school
is gonna give you
so many options.
- Dad. listen to me!
I'm not going to law school.
So...
If you stuck with this.
how long before you'd be
a captain?
I'm not sure
I wanna be captain.
Why not?
Tom's captain.
I couldn't be with him
if I was one too.
And Tom needs me.
He needs me.
I need him.
Dad. I have to be
with my brother.
I have to.
Do you understand?
I do.
Fuck.
But I--I do.
Tell Tom to come
see me tomorrow.
I'll help out
with the legal work.
and. uh. I'll pay
the fine on the boat.
Th--this is not a gift.
Okay.
- It's not a gift.
- Okay. all right.
Not a gift. yeah.
Of course.
We will pay it back.
Well. I'm not sure
it's a loan either.
What do you mean?
I think I might want in
on this.
be your business partner.
I--I'm out of my fucking mind.
It's great. ain't it?
Wherever
you're going with this.
I want you to take me
with you. Charlie.
All right.
You're crazy.
- Oh. not as crazy as you.
I love you. Dad.
There he is.
Here.
I'll take care of you.
Is "Finestkind"
ready to rumble?
Hope nobody's in a hurry.
Yeah!
Not dead yet. Mr. Eldridge!
Whoo!
Crazy fishermen.
Oh.
Not dead yet!
Whoo!
- Whoo!
- Not dead yet. Mr. Eldridge!
Outward goddamn bound!
Outward goddamn bound.
Mabel!
Charlie!
Whoo!
Finest kind. baby!